look i got a fever and the only
prescription
is more tech news i gotta have more tech
news
riley just made me do this so it's a
good thing that today's episode is
sponsored by world of tanks thanks tanks
stay tuned for more details and tanks
and a special offer code tanks valve
could be working on a cloud game
streaming service like everybody else
code that was recently added to steam's
development portal and unearthed by
intrepid detectives makes reference to
something called steam cloud gaming hmm
what could that be now steam already
allows users to stream games from their
own pcs to other devices both on and off
of the same network but this might
signal an attempt from valve to stick to
google stadia and microsoft xcloud with
a straight up game streaming service but
valve may also be making some other
money moves they don't dance now what
i don't listen to hip-hop digi-times
reports that valve has begun a
partnership with apple to help develop
the latter's widely leaked ar headset
the report says the device may release
in the second half of 2020 but i'll
believe it when i see it my optimistic
side sees the potential for a really
cool ar headset but my pessimistic side
sees a nightmare future in which
half-life 3 launches as an apple
exclusive no
no no
a couple weeks after google declared
themselves quantum supremacist microsoft
is entering the fight wow the company
has announced the azure quantum program
which will give the company's cloud
customers access to three prototype
quantum computers made by companies
currently researching the technology
those companies include one qubit
honeywell
ion q and qci this is lots of cues too
now these computers aren't necessarily
ready to crunch the kind of numbers that
traditional servers
normally do but microsoft hopes that by
giving companies development tools and
access to quantum computing technology
real solutions can be created more
quickly than the otherwise would ibm who
disputed the legitimacy of google's
achievement has been offering a similar
service since 2016 though
and i haven't been able to shrink down
to the size of a cork just yet so count
me in as a skeptic maybe one day i hated
endgame and google is facing some heat
in other areas of technology too not
from anything as concrete as a fellow
giant tech corporation though from
lasers
researchers from the university of
michigan and uec tokyo have discovered a
vulnerability in the mems microphones
used by various smart devices which can
enable attackers to give inaudible
commands to your voice assistant using
light
the scientists were able to shine
low-powered lasers at google homes and
other smart speakers as well as tablets
and phones
to order google assistant siri elec
a-l-e-x-a and even the facebook portal
to do things like unlock doors visit
websites and even remotely start
vehicles and they were able to send
these commands via laser pointer from
another building 110 meters away and the
best part the researchers don't even
completely understand how it works
that's fantastic and now a message from
your friendly neighborhood riley now
it's time for the quick bits brought to
you by world of tanks the free-to-play
multiplayer online battleground despite
what your parents told you armored
combat is an art master it with over 500
war machines from the mid-20th century
including legendary sherman's churchills
tigers and more those are types of tanks
world of tanks features dozens of maps
in historic locations all over the globe
has 180 million players worldwide and
you can play on your own or join team
clashes to climb the leaderboard it's
tank-tastic in fact if you use invite
code tank-tastic you'll get a t-127 tank
500 gold and seven days of premium
access so click the link below to play
now
tanks
quick bits
quick bits never changes
i love the smell of quick bits in the
morning the honorable dr lisa sue
presiding over the processor market has
confirmed that amd's ryzen 4000 series
processors will arrive sometime early in
2020. and given that ces is a thing and
happens early in the year we may see the
new zen 2 based processors make a cheeky
appearance there to undercut intel's
upcoming 10th gen chip lodge let's just
hope a certain jean jacket wearing uncle
doesn't show up in sour the moment he's
a jerk
on the gpu side
but he looks so cool
at the adobe max conference adobe has
given a demo of what may be our first
real defensive weapon in the deep fakes
war
project about face
is a utility that can scan images for
traces of manipulation and then give a
percentage chance that they were
manipulated or not without going into
metadata but it's only a matter of time
before someone uploads a normal photo
and finds out we're in the matrix
or a matter of time before they use that
adobe product as an adversarial tool to
make the deep fakes better oh no god
damn it
microsoft has been working on storing
data in glass instead of on spinning
platters and chips and the company's
project silica has now managed to store
and retrieve the entire classic 1978
superman film on a coaster sized glass
drive
and it's pretty durable too the glass
can survive being boiled baked
microwaved and scratched but did they
try dropping it though
quick boil this hard drive
owners of older samsung smart tvs may
receive an early lump of coal in
december as netflix says the streaming
service will stop working for some
models on december 2nd the change is due
to
technical limitations and not anything
crazy like planned office lessons you
know i wonder if disney plus will still
work though
and recreating deceased actors with cgi
is nothing new but we may have just
reached an interesting milestone james
dean who's not me died in 1955 after
starring in three films and has been
cast in an upcoming vietnam war drama
called finding jack thanks to the
filmmakers licensing the rights to the
actor's image from his estate that's
weird that someone could uh license that
i'm no expert but this might be the
first time that a dead actor has been
recreated digitally to play a completely
new character the directors say after
searching high and low for an actor they
finally decided upon dean and he didn't
even audition if you're confused don't
worry come back on friday for even more
tech news we're going to clear
everything up i could be dead then too
but that doesn't mean i can't be in the
movies
i'll be in my trailer